change text (#27)
lithekod/site-v2: website/pages/gamejam_en.md

<img src="/static/img/logga.png" alt="LiU Game Jam" id="gamejam-logo">
<h1>Fall Game Jam 2020</h1>

> Get ready for our upcoming event Fall Game Jam!

Reviewer: "upcoming Fall Game Jam!", event känns överflödigt.
```suggestion
Get ready for our upcoming Fall Game Jam!
```

> Get ready for our upcoming event, Fall Game Jam!
> This year's edition of Fall Game Jam is held 13th - 15th November.
> Because COVID-19 still is wreaking havoc in the world, this jam will be held remotely on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/YXV6dpc). Also check out our [Facebook event](https://www.facebook.com/events/4918751154809003/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get ready for our upcoming event, Fall Game Jam!
This year's edition of Fall Game Jam will be held 13th - 15th November.
Because COVID-19 is still wreaking havoc in the world, the jam will be held remotely in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/YXV6dpc). Also check out our [Facebook event](https://www.facebook.com/events/4918751154809003/).
```

> Because COVID-19 still is wreaking havoc in the world, this jam will be held remotely on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/YXV6dpc). Also check in at our [Facebook event](https://www.facebook.com/events/4918751154809003/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because COVID-19 still is wreaking havoc in the world, this jam will be held remotely on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/YXV6dpc). Remember to checkout our [Facebook event](https://www.facebook.com/events/4918751154809003/).
```

Reviewer 2: check out

<h4 class="highlight">Schedule for Fall Game Jam</h4>

> **Friday 6pm**

Reviewer: Kanske skriva med datum också?

> - Introduktion stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Intro stream.
```

Author: Intro är svengelska.

Reviewer 3: Borde åtminstone vara "Introduction" med ett C. : )

Reviewer: https://svenska.se/tre/?sok=Intro&pz=1
Fight me.

Author: Fortfarande informellt, om något borde jag ändra på engelska sidan

Author: Det är informellt (och jag trodde du kommenterade på den svenska texten, så bortse min tidigare kommentar)

- Theme generation.

> - Brainstormning together with other jammers on Discord. (To participate in this you should have have a working microphone)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Brainstorming together with other jammers on Discord. To participate in the brainstorming you should have a working microphone.
```

> - Introduktion stream.
> - Theme generation.
> - Brainstormning together with other jammers on Discord. (To participate in this you should have have a working microphone)
> - Team forming.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Introduction stream.
- Theme generation.
- Brainstorming together with other jammers on Discord. (To participate in this you should have a working microphone)
- Team forming.
```

> **Sunday 6pm**

Reviewer: Kanske skriva med datum också?

> - Deadline to upload game on Itch.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deadline to upload game to Itch.io.
```

> - Deadline to upload game on Itch.io.
> - Playtesting!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deadline to upload game on itch.io.
- Playtesting!
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe link also, dunno

Reviewer: Yaaasss, link plz
